Update documents for using MySQL (#14174)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/howto/set-up-database.rst

However if you want to use other drivers visit the `MySQL Dialect <https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/13/dialects/mysql.html>`__  in SQLAlchemy documentation for more information regarding download
and setup of the SqlAlchemy connection.

> In addition, you also should pay particular attention to MySQL's encoding. Although the ``utf8mb4`` character set is more and more popular for MySQL (actually, ``utf8mb4`` becomes default character set in MySQL8.0), using the ``utf8mb4`` encoding requires additional setting in Airflow 2+ (See more details in `#7570 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/7570>`__.). If you use utf8mb4 as character set, you should also set ``sql_engine_collation_for_ids=utf8mb3_general_ci``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you also should pay particular attention to MySQL's encoding. Although the ``utf8mb4`` character set is more and more popular for MySQL (actually, ``utf8mb4`` becomes default character set in MySQL8.0), using the ``utf8mb4`` encoding requires additional setting in Airflow 2+ (See more details in `#7570 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/7570>`__.). If you use ``utf8mb4`` as character set, you should also set ``sql_engine_collation_for_ids=utf8mb3_general_ci``.
```

> In addition, you also should pay particular attention to MySQL's encoding. Although the utf8mb4 character set is more and more popular for MySQL (actually, utf8mb4 becomes default character set in MySQL8.0 already), there are still some problems in current Airflow (See more details in `#7570 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/7570>`__.). To avoid unexpected problems, if you use utf8mb4 as character set, you should set ``sql_engine_collation_for_ids=utf8mb3_general_ci``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition, you also should pay particular attention to MySQL's encoding. Although the ``utf8mb4`` character set is more and more popular for MySQL (actually, ``utf8mb4`` becomes default character set in MySQL8.0), using the ``utf8mb4`` encoding requires additional setting in Airflow 2+ (See more details in `#7570 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/7570>`__.). If you use utf8mb4 as character set, you should also set ``sql_engine_collation_for_ids=utf8mb3_general_ci``.
```

Reviewer 2: It's not a problem, it's a feature  ;)
